OpenTelemetryLoggerProvider is now unaffected by changes to OpenTelemetryLoggerOptions after the LoggerFactory is built. (#3055)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: src/OpenTelemetry/CHANGELOG.md

  `readonly`
  ([#3065](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/3065))

* `OpenTelemetryLoggerProvider` now copies values from `OpenTelemetryLoggerOptions`.

>   This prevents changes to the Provider after being initialized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Provider will not respect changes made after the LoggerFactory is built.
```
